🎉 RNAseq Workflow V4 Pre-release party (#34)
kids-first/kf-rnaseq-workflow: README.md

chimScoreDropMax: { type: 'int?', default: 20,
doc: "max drop (difference) of chimeric score (the sum of scores of all chimeric segments) from the read length. AR recommends 30" }
chimScoreJunctionNonGTAG: { type: 'int?', default: -1, doc: "penalty for a non-GT/AG chimeric junction. \
default -1, SF recommends -4, AR -1" }
chimScoreSeparation: { type: 'int?', default: 10,
doc: "int>=0: minimum difference (separation) between the best chimeric score and the next one. AR recommends 1" }
chimSegmentMin: { type: 'int?', default: 12, doc: "minimum length of chimeric segment length, if ==0, no chimeric output. \
REQUIRED for SF, 12 is their default, AR recommends 10" }
chimSegmentReadGapMax: { type: 'int?', default: 0, doc: "maximum gap in the read sequence between chimeric segments. AR recommends 3" }
outFilterMultimapNmax: { type: 'int?', default: 20, doc: "max number of multiple alignments allowed for \
a read: if exceeded, the read is considered unmapped. ENCODE value is default. AR recommends 50" }
peOverlapMMp: { type: 'float?', default: 0.01, doc: "maximum proportion of mismatched bases in the overlap area. SF recommends 0.1" }

> peOverlapNbasesMin: { type: 'int?', default: 0,
> doc: "minimum number of overlap bases to trigger mates merging and realignment. Specify >0 value to switch \
> on the 'merging of overlapping mates'algorithm. SF recommends 12,  AR recommends 10" }

Reviewer: For this whole block I feel like we should use the more readable multiline yaml format
```suggestion
peOverlapNbasesMin:
  type: int?
  default: 0
  doc: >-
    minimum number of overlap bases to trigger mates merging and realignment.
    Specify >0 value to switch on the 'merging of overlapping mates'algorithm.
    SF recommends 12,  AR recommends 10
```

https://onlineyamltools.com/prettify-yaml
